Our Guiding Principles 

 

Sediba Wellness Clinic was founded on three principles: 

Expertise. We remain curious and constantly seek to acquire and build deep knowledge, skills and critical experience in our specialised fields, and areas of service delivery.

Proven Results. We strive to find the best personalised care for your specific wellbeing aims and/ or concerns, in order to enhance your treatment results and experience.

Service Excellence. Our professional staff are committed to providing the safest and most effective care and service. All the requisite COVID-19 protocols will be fully observed.

 

Our value proposition

…We bring together a blend of classic clinical treatments, trusted advice, and spa tranquility; all wrapped up in modern luxury…

 

At Sediba Wellness Clinic you can expect to be greeted by the cream of the crop health and skincare therapists, massage specialist , and nail technicians. Our team has amassed years of experience, and are best placed to deliver excellent service, and offer you advice that supports your wellness goals.

 

We offer supporting product ranges from leading brands, including Dermalogica, DMK, Depelive and CND.

These brands are inspired by nature and propelled by science. They are vegan friendly, are not tested on animals (cruelty free), and use biodegradable packaging (environmentally friendly). In addition, our clinic is fully kitted out with three comfortable treatment rooms, as well as a manicure and pedicure zone that is partially hidden- ensuring that you can enjoy absolute comfort and privacy.

 

The highlight of every Sediba Wellness Clinic experience is that we will take great care and intention in walking you through your urban retreat away from the pressures of modern life.  Every colour, sound, scent, and texture has been carefully selected to enhance your experience, wellbeing and treatment results. We want you to always walk out feeling pampered, revitalised, looking and feeling your very best.

 

Whilst you plan your visit, you can also browse treatment lists and use our online retail and gifting services. We look forward to welcoming you to Sediba Wellness Clinic, so just for good measure, we will make special mention of the fact that that parking at our premises is also free!

Our Process
qode-np-item
Schedule an appointment by email, online, whatsapp or call us.
qode-np-item
2
One on one consultation. Establishing your skin concern by analyzing your skin, your lifestyle and treatment history
qode-np-item
3
Treatment plan and home care prescribed products to maintain your healthy skin.
qode-np-item
4
Your skin journey begins.
Book Now